sustainability and preservation of the environment, these are words of
order of the moment and more and more companies invest in
we will not retreat without a license.
illegally enter into the united kingdom an opportunity - in the preservation of the
environment besides seedlings and plant seeds belong to the union the last
a big help
the world
and also make a start says
a lean company structure the office computers and phones more
the businesswoman is also going to field with these defects that close partnerships
What do we have these seedlings?
what types of seedlings that man registered at the time was all
rogério souto owns a sweetie with nurseries that provide for the businesswoman
the partnership but again increased sales
is a good business because I am a seedlings producer for 23 years but with the
problem
was the marketing
sometimes I have merchandise and have no one to sell and sometimes I do not
I have obvious merchandise and people lose so the middleman is good
because he knows
he knows the customer can put this merchandise
the leader of a cell varieties of grapes
Congratulations Employ 7 5 thousand Araucaria seedlings
river - economic
know some species is not available the promoter contact us
Providers
who knows with a performance of other producers
so we can make any crisis available this native
but the vacancies vary depending on the season
new john
martini our region that is a law that elop
and we have there sought araucaria angustifolia the palmito support mining the
projac elizabete area answers requests for at least 100 seedlings to são paulo and
neighboring cities
on average in the southern cone four hundred plants per month
the freight of 500 reais but some deliveries are mainly made as
for the client anther frederico of mendonça he has a farm in which the
planted eucalyptus seedlings the reforestation framework
the eucalyptus
I'm not
He gave the air better
with best party wood '
which causes
there is demand for wood
I do not sell dvd's
the year on the river
I'm already having this young woman who would be losing
the market methodology
ortega added
he developed
what a pity the rain water which can be a good help to avoid flooding
in the big cities
if we put it to the square meter that was signaled by the
sidewalks
in all major cities at least make comments many investments
as swimming pools it would have many problems of flooding
the idea came as a trip of the Mexican entrepreneur in 2005
there he met the milkworm who decided to make a similar product in the
Brazil
the former vice premier is made of these materials
the television sailor can not lose the region is expanded
he criticized
raw material he studies law
focused on that front
the right amount of each material is the secret to achieving efficiency
bernardinho at the same time
The challenge is for the person to become so solid that they bear the weight of a
vehicle
while maintaining small holes against raw material
Where does the water flow?
94% of the water is trained by the paulista
for the entrepreneur, sustainability is the
the draining floor costs 30% more expensive
our product is ecologically correct
today the im predicts winds of 50 half
squares of flats per day
in the French market are moments of 30 to 40% per year
we are involving bad manufacturing modes
now it is completed comments the speed at low costs
today I think it's getting very competitive
a greater difficulty of the business is the great support of the beast
the game
in the state of Sao Paulo
requests from distant places can become
unfeasible because of the floor of the building
The idea is to do business licensing.
georges looking for entrepreneurs who want to set up small bishop's factories in
distant cities up to 300 kilometers from each other
business cover more than 350 thousand reais this amount includes the transfer
new album and the purchase of equipment for production
the anticipated initial revenue of 120 thousand reais
our idea is not to make a large factory in one place
this make many small factories
in several parts of Brazil to attend this market because today we have lost
in big field and so forgotten in the bay we have in the big river of the south
and it is not all the builders or all the people who have the possibility of
bear the costs of freight
the company produces ten models
in this stainless steel product store preferred to lose the position
for the project manager of the wilsom jica store the ecological floor helps 60
aesthetically it is a very beautiful product
is that it has a lot to do with our product that is home asylum
it is perfectly flawless set than this and this contrast is very
pretty
in addition it seems that this ability should train people is very
interesting too